(JAZZ MUSIC)
(WOMAN): Woohoo!
(WOMEN CHEERING)
Woo!
(WOMAN): Woo!
(CHEERING)
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven...
(WOMAN): Woo!
(MAN): Woohoo!
What's cookin', gals?
You are, Flo!
Don't I know it. Woo!
(GIGGLING)
Do you know him?
We just met! (LAUGHING)
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
Looking good, number 18!
Howard, can we ple...
please to stay on time?
Aw, Mary, I told your mother,
I said, Mrs. Shaw, I'm a whiz
with a side of beef,
but when it comes to dancing,
I'm just a big, sweaty gorilla.
Well, Howard, perspiration aside,
I am sure the judges
will give us an A for effort.
An A? You really think so, Mary?
No, I think maybe a B. Or a B minus.
Howard, I would like a C plus.
(WOMAN CHEERING)
Relax the arms, Audrey.
But this is the free dance!
It's supposed to be fun.
Well I'm having fun. Aren't you?
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(APPLAUSE AND CHEERING)
- (SIREN SOUNDING)
- Pop pop pop!
This is your host
with the most, Jonny Cork
-- Mr. Effervescence --
and I'm here to remind you
that if you want to win
the grand prize of 250 clams,
all you gotta do is keep dancing
for another 20 hours.
(BELL RINGING)
Oh! That sound means the free
dance is over, kitty cats!
So spectators, here's your hat,
what's your hurry,
head on over to the sidelines.
Contestants, you've got just 5 minutes
to rest those paws, so don't go far!
Thanks. That was fun.
Too bad we're not in the competition.
Yeah, too bad.
Slow down, Shawn. We're not gonna
make it to the end like this.
Well, I can't slow down, darling,
not when I'm dancing with you.
Hey. No, no, no. Save your energy, OK?
I want that grand prize.
And it's as good as yours.
Not if we've got something
to say about it, old man.
(CHUCKLING)
Sorry. I'm Thomas.
And this is my girl, Jennifer.
Shawn. And this is my fiancée, Audrey.
- I love your dress.
- Oh, thank you.
Thomas bought it for me.
Wow, it must have cost a pretty penny.
Oh, he spoils me.
Are you taking notes?
See the trouble
you're getting me into, old man?
(LAUGHING)
(JONNY CORK): Time to make
a special 'how do you do'
to the man who made all this possible:
Thomas Enfield of Enfield Steel.
(EXCLAMATIONS OF APPRECIATION)
(APPLAUSE)
He's not only our sponsor,
he's also a contestant!
So, remember: when you think strong,
- think Enfield Strong.
- (CYMBAL VIBRATING)
I could really do without all that.
What, I thought it'd be nice.
What, being the focus
of unwanted attention?
No. Being the talk of the town.
Oh, it's not all
it's cracked up to be.
Thomas is positively bolshy that way.
He thinks that it's a crime
to be young,
- and rich and handsome.
- Stop it.
I don't like being
in the spotlight is all.
I just came here
to dance with my best girl.
If you'll excuse me.
Shawn?
- I'm fine.
- Um, you don't look fine.
I'll be fine.
Back in a jiff.
The break's almost over, old man.
(SIGHING)
(ENIGMATIC MUSIC)
(SIREN SOUNDING)
It's Mr. Effervescence saying
break time is over kitty cats,
so scurry those paws
back onto the dance floor,
it is time to... foxtrot!
♪
(AUDREY): Shawn?
(SIGHING)
Has anyone seen my fiancé, number 42?
Anyone?
Look at Couple 19!
They are the ones to beat.
♪
Number 42... like, six foot...
skinny-ish... brown hair?
Number 42?
Excuse me. It looks like
you could use a hand.
Oh, could I.
(GRUNTING)
(CAR MOTOR RUMBLING)
- You think he's down here?
- No, he's not...
(GASPING)
Stop!
(FAST-PACED MUSIC)
(THEME MUSIC)
Subtitle sync and corrections by
awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com.
(OVERLAPPING VOICES)
(SIGHING)
So, you're saying I shouldn't
notify the authorities?
Well, it's up to you,
but they might treat this
as low priority.
With us, you have
our undivided attention.
Truth is, I don't think we can
afford private detectives.
We'll figure something out.
Why don't you start by
telling us about the tall man?
There's nothing to tell.
I've never seen him before.
We just came here to dance.
I have no idea
why he would take Shawn.
Well, I'm guessing it has
something to do with money.
Did he have any problems in that area?
No. No, Shawn is great with money.
I mean, he should be, he works
in the accounting office
at the factory we work in.
- What about gambling?
- No.
Shawn... is a gentleman.
His only vice is dance...
...if you can call it a vice.
We don't.
And he lives to dance.
It was his idea
to enroll us in the marathon.
Thought we could use the prize money
to... pay for our wedding.
42 is his lucky number.
Hasn't been so lucky
for him though, has it?
We're going to find him. Promise.
You think this could be a kidnapping?
Well, kidnappers are
only after one thing...
- Money.
- Which is in short supply
for them. Something else
is going on here.
Why don't I take a look outside
and see what I can find?
OK. Good.
I'm going to get effervescent.
Mr. Cork? Do you have a minute?
For you doll, I've got five.
One of your contestants
has been abducted.
Abducted? Ha!
Applesauce. Phonus balonus.
I saw it with my own eyes.
Who are you, anyway?
I'm a concerned citizen.
Well listen, "concerned citizen."
The people of Toronto
flock to the Palais
because they know it to be safe.
Well, there is a man
in the back of a truck
who would disagree with that.
Look, Red.
I'm not just the emcee.
I'm the manager. And I'm the owner.
And I got a lot riding on this.
A violent crime has taken place
in your establishment,
and you don't care?
I care that some hysterical broad
will cause a...
a stampede over nothing.
Well, if I were you, I would consider
shutting down the marathon.
shutting down your mouth
before it gets you into trouble.
Is that a threat, Mr. Effervescence?
Have a bubbly night.
How's the search going?
Sharp, and to the point.
I found this syringe.
Huh. Based on
where the kidnapping took place,
it must have been dropped
by Shawn or the tall man.
You don't think Shawn's...
...involved in something he
really shouldn't be involved in?
He didn't seem like a dope fiend,
at least not from what Audrey
told us about him.
Maybe she didn't know.
Well, how could she not?
- She's in love.
- So?
That's what it does. Love blinds you.
Who's got time for that?
Not Frankie Drake, apparently.
Why don't you poke around backstage,
see if anyone saw anything?
I can handle that.
I'm gonna find out
what's in this syringe.
I need some help on a case.
You're working a case here? Now?
Well, trouble knows where to find me.
Oh. I'd say this is a bit of trouble.
Can you figure out what was in there?
Is Miss Mary dancing with
Texas Tommy with Twinkletoes?
- I'll take that as a yes.
- Mm-hmm.
(JONNY CORK): No, I am not about to...
No, don't you threaten me!
You have no idea what I'm capable of!
You... you stick to the arrangement,
or I will sell you out so fast
you'll have no idea what's hit you!
No, I... No, I said...
I said it's under control!
Tickles Malone.
Trudy Clarke. Been a while.
It's been months!
You know, I see
your grandma at church,
she's worried... hopes you
haven't fallen into sin.
Not sin. Just jazz.
I'm a full-time musician now.
Oh.
Hey, you should
sit in with us tonight.
Sing a little.
I would love to, but I'm on a case.
One that you could help me with?
Shoot.
I'm looking for someone
you might know.
He's tall, drives a truck.
Oh, you must be talking about Ed.
- You know him?
- Not well.
But he works here.
He's a janitor... officially.
And unofficially? (TICKLES CHUCKLING)
Let's just say Ed has a
sideline slinging his own hooch.
Serves his customers
in the storage room.
Not that... ahem... I have
ever been a customer.
Oh... A jazz musician
buying illegal hooch?
Tickles, I am shocked.
Just keep it under your hat.
All right? Grandma still has
a mean left hand.
Your secret is safe with me.
Audrey, if you want us to find Shawn,
you have to be
completely honest with us.
Of course.
Have you noticed him
acting strange lately?
How do you mean?
Have you had the sense
that something might be wrong?
Not wrong...
He's just private.
Even secretive. He...
Sometimes, I feel like
he's not telling me everything.
(TRUDY): Frankie!
I got something.
This is where Ed the janitor
serves his customers.
Oh! (COUGHING)
It must be 150 proof.
So, Ed knocks Shawn out,
and then drags him to his truck,
which is conveniently located
right through there.
It's a kidnapping.
(FRANKIE SIGHING)
(DOOR OPENING)
(GASPING)
Thomas Enfield?
Well, who were you expecting,
a German spy?
Gosh, you two scared me half to death!
Why're you here?
Well, all this dancing has me
gasping for a real drink.
Isn't that why you two are here,
you're looking for Ed?
No, we're looking
for Shawn Wilkington,
whose number you happen to be wearing.
I am?
Oh...
Yeah, that fellow I met earlier.
He's a nice chap, a little off though.
You know, he must have grabbed
my jacket by mistake,
and then I his.
Never even realized 'til now.
He took Shawn by mistake.
He meant to take the heir
to the Enfield fortune.
And what happens
when he finds that out?
It's not gonna be good for Shawn.
(RISING MUSIC)
So this scoundrel was after me
but kidnapped Shawn by mistake!?
Keep your voice down!
We don't want
the whole ballroom to hear.
- Right!
- Thomas, where have you been!?
And who are you?
I'm Frankie Drake. This is
my associate, Trudy Clarke.
- We're private detectives.
- Lady private detectives?
I never knew there was such a thing.
- We get that a lot.
- Is there any news on Shawn?
What is all the commotion? Can I help?
Everyone, in here. Come on.
- So, he took Shawn by mistake?
- Seems that way.
I still can't
wrap my head around this.
It's quite simple, darling.
We appear to be working
with the world's stupidest kidnapper.
We're not dealing
with anything, Thomas,
other than getting you
out of here before the kidnapper
realizes his mistake
and comes back for you.
Well, if he does come back,
that would be
the perfect opportunity
to catch him and get Shawn back.
Then I will stay.
And we'll continue on dancing
like nothing's happened.
- Thomas...
- I won't be talked out of it.
- Thank you.
- Of course.
You'll be safe as long as you
stay visible on the dance floor.
And I'll keep my eyes on him.
And I'll assist you.
Four eyes are better than two.
- Great.
- Howard's exhausted already,
so I'd be doing him a favour, really.
Where are you going?
To see how the other half lives.
(FAST-PACED JAZZ MUSIC)
- (GASPING)
- Dear Lord!
I'm sorry to startle you,
Mrs. Enfield.
I had to sneak in, in case
your home is being watched.
Who in blazes are you?
Frankie Drake.
I'm a private detective.
You don't look like one.
I'm working on a kidnapping case.
And I believe
that your son is the target.
I'm afraid you're
a little late, Miss Drake.
What do you mean?
I've just received this.
"We have your son.
"Deliver $10000 to the Don Gravel Pit
by 10PM tonight if you
want him to live."
"Come alone.
Call the cops and he dies."
Please, don't worry. Your son is fine.
- (SIGHING)
- Oh, thank goodness.
Where is he?
He's at the Palais.
I believe another man was taken
- in his place.
- (EXHALING HEAVILY)
That palace is anything but safe.
I am calling the police.
I'm going to have them
bring Thomas home immediately.
No. Please, don't do that.
If the kidnappers find out
that you've called the police,
- an innocent man could die.
- [OPERATOR.]
- Connect me with the police.
- Thomas isn't going to leave.
He made it very clear. He was
insistent, very insistent!
That sounds like Thomas.
He has his father's charm
but my tenacity.
I warned him to stay clear
of the Palais.
And of Jonny Cork.
But all he seems to care about
is dancing, jazz and flappers.
What can you tell me about Jonny Cork?
Enough to know what he really wants.
He hoodwinked Thomas into sponsoring
that foolish dance marathon,
and that was just the start.
He wanted more money?
$3000 to be exact.
That is a lot of money.
According to Thomas, Cork has debts.
He's on the verge of
losing the Palais.
No loss, in my opinion.
♪
Just got back from the Enfield house.
Mrs. Enfield received a ransom note,
and she couldn't care less
about Shawn, by the way.
Sounds like a charmer.
Well, she did give me another suspect.
- Who?
- "Pop pop pop."
- I knew he seemed shady.
- Not just shady, he's broke.
Cork is drowning in debt
and looking for a lifeline.
Yeah, well, desperate people
do desperate things.
But how does Ed figure in?
Maybe he's working with Jonny?
You know, I heard him on
the phone hollering at someone.
Maybe he thought
Ed took the wrong guy?
I'll do some digging.
And I'll talk with Flo,
see if she found anything.
OK.
Take a look. It's a 23 gauge needle,
one point five inches long.
It's for intra-muscular injections.
Doesn't mean a lot to me, but OK.
Drug addicts don't inject
into the muscle.
They inject intravenously.
Shorter needle, smaller gauge.
Huh...
Look at that. You can almost
see the bottom parts of a word.
Oh. Great catch.
That's a U... an N...
Looks like an I or an L...
I think that's a V.
- ...E... R... S...
- University of Toronto.
- This needle came from there?
- Could be for the trial
of a new drug. The lady
who runs the clinical program
is in my night courses.
She might still be at work.
♪
Seems like I have a shadow.
No, no, no. Just...
Just pretend like I'm not here.
Pop pop pop! By the clock on the wall,
I see it is 8PM, which means
it is time to swap partners!
Um, Mary, why don't you
dance with Thomas?
That might be
a little less conspicuous.
Uh, no, I don't think
that's such a good idea.
Care to dance, mademoiselle?
Well, if you insist!
I'll find another partner.
You behave yourself.
(TENSE MUSIC)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Can I help you, miss?
I'm looking for the one
they call Mr. Effervescence.
Took a powder.
What you want him for?
To show him my moves, of course.
Relax, I'm a dancer.
I happen to be
a very talented show girl
in between engagements.
(CHUCKLING)
You ain't no show girl.
I saw you talking to him before.
Fine.
Just tell me where he is, Sherlock.
Saw him headed for the storage room.
Didn't look too happy neither.
(TENSE MUSIC)
(DOOR CREAKING)
You're quite light
on your feet, Mr. Enfield.
Call me Thomas.
And it's good to dance,
it keeps my mind off of all of this.
Oh. You have nothing to worry about.
I assure you,
Drake Private Detectives,
they're are the best
in all of Toronto.
It's not me I'm worried about.
It's poor Audrey.
Poor thing.
I shudder to think of anything
bad happening to Jennifer.
I can't imagine life without her.
If I may be so bold as to ask...
are the rumours that I've heard true?
That wedding bells aren't
far off in the future?
Don't tell me you've been reading
that dreadful
gossip columnist, Lipstick.
Uh, well, no.
Just so I can keep track with
what the girls at work
- are talking about.
- I will say this...
...nothing would make me happier
than to marry Jennifer.
- Oh...
- Nothing at all.
- Dr. Banting?
- Yes?
Janice said you're the only
doctor at the university
running a human drug trial
using IM needles?
That's correct. Why do you ask?
We found one of your syringes.
May we see a list of your patients?
That's confidential. I'm sorry.
Well, can you just tell us
if you have a patient
named Shawn Wilkington?
He's been kidnapped.
Kidnapped?
Yes, he's one of my patients.
He's a nice young man.
He's been responding
very well to treatment.
Which drug are you testing,
Doctor Banting?
It's experimental, to treat diabetes.
I thought diabetes was untreatable.
Insulin will change all that, I hope.
I hope you're right.
How long has Shawn been taking it?
Six months. Two shots a day,
at 6AM and 6PM,
and he's able to function
reasonably well. It's...
it's turned his whole life around.
And what happens if he misses a shot?
Depends. Has he been eating properly?
Has he been exerting himself?
Well, he's been taking part
in a dance marathon,
as a matter of fact.
Why would he tempt fate like that?
If he's been over-exerting
himself, that changes
the timeline dramatically.
If he missed his 6PM shot,
how long before he goes into shock?
10 hours. 12 at the most.
And once he goes into shock,
things get very grim.
- He could slip into a coma...
- And then he could die.
(TENSE MUSIC)
(DISTANT CAR MOTOR RUMBLING)
♪
(MAN): Who are you?
(RISING MUSIC)
You didn't answer my question.
Who are you?
Maggie Frank. Who are you?
Detective Greyson. Toronto Police.
What're you doing here?
Well, I was just out for a stroll
when I... when I saw this poor fella.
Thought he could use some help.
He's dead, ain't he?
Either that or he's taking
a really long nap.
You're dressed pretty
swanky for someone
out on a late night stroll.
Well, I'm a stylish gal.
- Where are you coming from?
- Around.
I'm not playing this game.
How is it that a gal
dressed to the nines
just happens upon a dead body?
Fine. My date got
a little handsy in the car,
I got him to pull over.
I was hoofing it home
when I saw this poor fella
in need of a little help.
Where do you live?
110 Durand Street. Apartment 2B.
You thinkin' of paying me a call?
I will...
if I find out you've been lying to me.
- You're free to go.
- Wait, what...
What do you think happened
to him? Did he fall?
Oh. Was he pushed?
- You ask a lot of questions.
- I'm curious is all.
Well, you know what they say
about curiosity.
It can be fatal... if you're a cat.
Good night, Miss Frank.
Whatever you say, Detective Greystone.
Greyson. The name is Greyson.
Scram.
It's 9PM, boys and girls,
which means swap time's over.
So, scurry on back
to your original partners.
Hope you've been good...
Diabetes?
What? Who has diabetes?
- Shawn.
- Oh, no. That's not good.
His doctor gave me a replacement shot
of his medicine. He needs it soon.
- How soon?
- He could go into shock
in as little as seven hours.
What did you find?
Not what, who.
I was looking for... for Jonny
- when I found Ed.
- That's good.
- Not good, Ed's dead.
- Not so good.
What do you think happened?
I think Jonny went to go talk to Ed.
They got into an argument, and...
Did you get a look at the body?
Well, I was about to,
but then a Detective Greyson
got in my way. Mary, do you know him?
Yes. I met him just the other day.
He transferred in from Hamilton.
I'm told he's very thorough.
All the more reason to keep
him away from the Palais.
Yeah. That'll scare
Jonny away for sure.
If he comes by, I'll make sure
that I distract him.
Flo, I need you to take a look
at the body.
- I just came from the morgue.
- I know. I can give you a ride.
Already taken care of.
My date has a car,
and he loves to take me
for a ride. Heya, handsome.
Let's roll.
So, what's our next move?
Do we press Jonny?
The stakes are too high.
We need proof to make him talk.
But we have no proof as yet,
and we're running out of time.
The ransom drop is at 10.
Maybe we catch him there?
But do you think Jonny
will actually show up?
Well, if not him,
then maybe one of his minions.
- It's worth a shot.
- We just have to convince
- Mrs. Enfield to cooperate.
- I'm sure that'll be easy.
I think I have a secret weapon.
♪
So, you want me to go to my safe.
Take out $10000.
Put it in a bag and wait
at the Don Gravel Pit
for a kidnapper to
come and collect it.
Yes. That's it, in a nutshell.
I think you should leave now.
Mother, this man's a diabetic,
OK, and he needs his medicine.
So please, have a heart.
I will, Thomas,
when you start having a brain.
What if the kidnapper attacks me?
I'll be there to protect you.
Don't be absurd. You're a woman.
Look, it's not
just Shawn's life you need
to consider here, OK?
He has a fiancée.
If he dies, that's two
innocent lives just ruined.
Such a bleeding heart.
- Mother, please, just...
- Thomas.
I carried the weight
of Enfield Steel on my shoulders
after your father died and very soon,
it will be your turn.
You need to be strong,
Thomas, like your mother.
I'll never be anything like you.
It's very late.
So, if there's nothing more
that you need from me,
I would very much like
to go to my bed.
Good night.
(THOMAS SIGHING)
(SIGHING)
Look, I'd put up the money myself,
but it's tied up in trust. I'm sorry.
Don't apologize.
Why don't you have your driver
take you back to the Palais?
And what will you do?
I'm gonna move on to Plan B.
♪
- (SIGHING)
- This makes so much sense.
Why he was secretive much of the time,
why he'd get tired all of the sudden.
My aunt had diabetes.
Had?
(SIGHING) How old was she when she...
22.
Shawn's 24.
That's old for a diabetic, right?
That's why he didn't tell me.
He thought that...
if I knew, then I wouldn't
want to marry him.
Or, maybe he's waiting
for the right time.
To tell me that he has
a death sentence?
To tell you he had hope.
With this new medicine,
Shawn could live
a long and healthy life.
You really think that's possible?
Doctor Banting's optimistic.
Maybe you should be too.
I'm not just thinking about myself.
If I marry Shawn and have a family,
am I just taking a tremendous risk?
Isn't that what love's about?
(SIREN SOUNDING)
Pop pop pop! It's time
for a five minute break!
But don't stray too far, kitty cats,
or you won't find your way back home!
Oh, Detective Greyson!
What a pleasant surprise.
Officer Shaw.
I didn't recognize
you there out of uniform.
- Oh.
- What're you doing here?
Uh, dancing, of course.
I'm a contestant
in the Enfield Dance Marathon.
I thought the point
of a dance marathon
was to keep dancing.
Why have you stopped?
Well... well, I'm on a break.
And what brings you here, Detective?
Can I help? I'd love to help if I can.
No. It's a little beyond the
purview of a Morality Officer.
- I...
- Oh!
It's so noisy in there.
You know, Detective,
you shouldn't judge
a book by its cover.
I am actually a student of policing.
- Yeah?
- I'm sure, I'm sure
- I can be of some assistance.
- Maybe you can.
- Oh?
- Yeah.
I have, um...
- I have a John Doe out there.
- OK.
And by the smell of him,
he has been drinking.
Ah, there you go, the evils of drink.
Yes, indeed. He's about six-one.
Dark brown hair. Mid-thirties.
Have you seen anyone matching
that description around here?
- No.
- No?
No. No one of that
description, unfortunately.
- OK.
- But I have seen
- other suspicious activity.
- Suspicious activity?
Uh, I've seen hemlines
that are very short.
Uh, improper contact
between dancing couples.
It's a very long list
of morality infractions.
I'd love to go over it
with you. Perhaps in here?
- Or, or...
- Uh, no.
- That's all right, actually.
- Oh, no, no, no.
It won't take long.
It would take an hour
or two, top speed.
You know, I think it's probably best
that I start that report
on that John Doe.
- That makes sense.
- Yeah, but listen,
- you keep your eyes peeled...
- I will.
- ...for morality infractions.
- Absolutely.
- Officer Shaw.
- And your, and your man.
- (SIGHING)
- Thank you.
- Good night.
(DISTANT LAUGHING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
♪
Stop!
- Don't hit me!
- I should hit you
for making me run in heels.
Next time you pick up ransom,
you might want to take a look first.
- Who are you?
- Marcus.
- Where's Shawn Wilkington?
- Who?
- The man you helped kidnap.
- I don't know nothing
about a kidnapping.
Ed gave me 10 bucks
to do a pickup, no questions asked.
- Well, who else is involved?
- Dunno. All I know is
I was supposed
to pick up this bag here
and bring it down to the Palais.
- Who're you meeting?
- Nobody.
I'm supposed to tuck it
beneath the third bench
in the back of the bleachers,
and walk away.
That's exactly
what you're going to do.
- (UPBEAT JAZZ MUSIC)
- (PEOPLE LAUGHING)
It's a quarter after three.
And no one's so much
as sniffed that bag.
Maybe Jonny's on to us.
Maybe he's waiting us out.
How much longer do we have
until Shawn goes into shock?
Well, according to the doctor,
about an hour?
Well, I'm not waiting another minute.
- We have to go after Jonny.
- We have nothing on him.
This may be a long shot...
The ransom letter?
That's a little bit
besides the point isn't it?
- Not if we can tie him to it.
- There are a lot of typewriters
- in Toronto, Frankie.
- OK. Look at this
blurred P. The incomplete C.
They are really distinct.
We need to get into his office.
Mrs. Chakowitz.
What on earth are you doing here
at this time of night?
- Oh...
- Dressed like that?
Oh, it's actually
kind of a funny story.
Hopefully a short funny story.
Uh, I was leaving the dance
marathon at the Palais
when I remembered
that I left my key at work,
so here I am.
Well, I was woken
from my blissful slumber
to conduct an autopsy
on some John Doe.
If people are going
to insist on dying, I wish
they'd do it during daylight hours.
Very inconsiderate, sir.
Did you find anything interesting?
- Interesting?
- About the body.
If this is your idea
of kissing up, it isn't working.
I understand sir, you're tired.
Why don't I file
that autopsy report for you?
- I couldn't ask you to do that.
- Oh, you're not asking,
I'm offering. That way,
you can speed your way
- back to slumber town.
- Well, I won't argue
with you, Mrs. Chakowitz.
Appreciate it.
Oh, all in a night's work, sir.
Night.
♪
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Mr. Cork? Could we have a minute?
It's four in the morning,
Tickles, can't it wait?
I wanted to introduce you
to a good friend of mine,
- Trudy Clarke.
- Evening, Mr. Cork.
She has a great voice that I
really think you should hear.
It can definitely wait. Just come back
- to audition next week, OK?
- If you just give me a chance,
Mr. Cork, I could really
show you I'm good...
What are you doing in here, Red?
Brushing up on my typing.
My father always said
I should have another job
to fall back on. I just typed this.
Why do I care?
Because it matches this.
The ransom note.
I don't know anything
about that. Who are you two?
- Private detectives.
- We believe that you're
behind the kidnapping,
and that you killed
- your partner in crime.
- Applesauce.
- Phonus Balonus.
- You were on the boardwalk
between eight and nine,
when Ed was killed.
Ed? The janitor, Ed?
Why'd you kill him, Jonny?
You girls are crackers.
I didn't kill Ed.
You've got nothing on me!
Well, perhaps we should
call the police
and they can bring you
in for questioning.
Yeah, how would that look?
You being led out in handcuffs?
(SIGHING)
You want to know where I was
between eight and nine?
Fine. I was having a little parlez
with a certain
hairy-knuckled gentleman
about a certain outstanding loan.
Prove it.
Well, I normally
charge extra for this,
but as we're all friends here...
There's your proof.
Well, what's the name
of this loan shark?
We'll see if he backs up your story.
Even if he could talk now,
he wouldn't speak to a female PI.
Fine, we'll call the police.
No, wait. Wait.
Maybe there was someone.
When I was coming back
from my little parlez...
I saw this girl coming up
the boardwalk and she saw me.
She had fair hair,
and she had a gold dress,
a glittery gold dress.
Was she wearing a number on her back?
Yeah, I think so,
it had a shawl over it.
But she was running, she was
running towards the Palais
like she had the devil on her heels.
What?
Jennifer. A word please?
I'm awfully tired. Can it wait?
- I'm afraid it can't.
- If this concerns Jennifer,
- it concerns me as well.
- Well, you might hear
something you don't want to hear.
Well, I won't leave her side.
You plotted with Ed to kidnap Thomas,
but he screwed up
and took the wrong guy.
Then Ed came back
to talk it over with you.
- I beg your pardon?
- We know that you met him
- at 8:30.
- I did not.
- We have a witness.
- No, that's impossible.
She was in the ballroom at 8:30.
She was dancing with me.
No, Mr. Enfield. Don't you remember,
you were dancing with me at that time.
- You two planned this together.
- No. That's ridiculous.
But then why would you kill Ed?
Uh, what? What do you...
what do you... what do you mean?
Ed's... Ed's dead?
- What?
- You didn't tell him?
It...
was an accident. I...
I didn't take anything. I took
the guy you told me to take!
And another thing,
I'm not going down for this.
You owe me!
I told Ed that we needed
to free Shawn,
and he wanted to just
leave him there to die.
So we argued, and Ed flew into a rage
and came rushing at me.
And you pushed him.
- Give me my money!
- No!
(SCREAMING)
I simply stepped aside.
He did the rest.
- Why didn't you tell me?
- I was trying to protect you.
Thomas.
She's not from... the "right" family,
not to marry an Enfield.
We decided to run away together.
We needed money to get us started,
so we came up with this scheme.
But we had no idea how to pull it off.
And that's where Ed came in.
I approached Ed. And he said
that he would arrange
everything. And he even typed
- the ransom note himself.
- It was our only chance
at being together. I hope
you can understand that...
Where is Shawn?
I... I don't know.
- Ed didn't tell you?
- He said that he stashed him
someplace safe and that's all.
I swear to you,
- that is all he said.
- You really had me fooled.
I thought you actually
cared about Shawn.
I couldn't feel more terribly
about what's happened.
- I'm truly sorry.
- Well, I'll be sure
to pass along your apology to Audrey.
Mary, can you take them in there
and keep an eye on them?
Come with me.
You think Jennifer
is lying about Shawn?
She has no reason to.
News from the coroner.
Based on his injuries,
he determined that Ed fell.
He wasn't pushed.
So, she didn't lie about that part.
But here's the strange thing:
the coroner found
arsenic in his blood.
- He was poisoned?
- No. It was a gradual buildup.
Probably from long-term exposure.
Well, the important thing
right now is finding Shawn.
So we need to retrace Ed's steps.
What exactly are we looking for?
Anything that could help us
determine where Ed put Shawn.
Where would you guys hide someone?
Well, first of all, it'd be
a place I know very well.
A place I have access to
and that no one
would be poking around.
Maybe where you make your booze.
It's Wildcat bottles.
They've been out of business
for a long time.
Funny. They used arsenic
in bottle making,
to decolorize the glass.
Maybe Ed used to work there...
A place he knows very well.
A place he still has access to.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
Trudy!
Do you know what you're doing?
Yeah. Doctor Banting told me.
You're gonna be OK, Shawn.
(TRUDY SIGHING)
(JAZZ MUSIC)
Miss Drake.
I want to retain
your services immediately.
You know these charges against Thomas
- are completely false.
- The charges are very real.
Don't be ridiculous.
Thomas was just a pawn
in that girl's game.
All she ever wanted was our money.
This has nothing to do with money.
Thomas has a bright future.
You have to help him.
I can't. And if you
really cared about your son,
you would've let him
live his own life.
We need to talk.
I have somewhere I need to be.
I've done some digging on you.
You are a private detective,
Frankie Drake.
And there's a file on your
old man, too. He was a grifter,
- ran his own crew.
- Leave my father out of this.
Fine.
Let's just stick to more
recent history, shall we?
You lied to me last night.
I simply used discretion.
Is that what they're calling
it these days? "Discretion"?
Like to play your cards
close to the vest.
Only when I need to.
That's not your call to make.
Had I told you everything,
there would have been cops
swarming the Palais,
and that would've jeopardized
my client's safety,
so I had no choice.
Next time you are working
one of your little cases
and you stumble upon a dead body...
...you will tell me the whole story.
I will try to be more forthcoming.
You will tell me the whole story.
Whatever you say, Detective Greystone.
I will see you around, "Maggie".
We're down to the final
15 minutes kitty-cats,
and look at couple 19 go!
What do they put in their coffee?
If you find out, let me know.
They're winning first place for sure.
There might be one other couple
who gives them a run for the money.
Did you do this?
Let's just say we owe Mr.
Effervescence a favour.
Do my eyes deceive me
or could that be the
triumphant return of couple number 42.
Put your paws together and welcome back
Audrey Smith and Shawn Wilkington.
Relax your arm Shawn.
Very funny... Mrs. Wilkington.
Join us.
(LAUGHING)
Subtitle sync and corrections by
awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org